good evening ladies and gentlemen when I
accepting bids for lot number 84
oil-on-canvas stated 1870 Lapham says
OBE which translates as a woman with
massive bottom Michael fell gay was an
Englishman in New York this run normally
I am money moment I guess I haven't seen
you run before and I thought you were
doing a funny run funny run
that's my wrong he met a woman he loved
and bought a ring to prove it to carat
how much money what you think but
Michael's pursuit of happiness is about
to take a detour I can't marry you
because of my father dad dad I don't
want to marry your father
I love Michael him and his friends and
so you mean everyone
Bernie carmine I'm mrs. Ogilvie go rent
Goodfellas casino Godfather one two
three it's a little favor
a tiny lie and your there's mr. grant
coz has sent over one of his sons
paintings for me to auction this unusual
painting is entitled die piggy piggy die
die
there are some men here from the FBI
good have you at any time come into
contact with anyone who you thought
might be connected to organized crime
absolutely not yesterday Michael Bell
Gate was an English gentleman today so
ah who's your friend this is a Nicky boy
Nicky boy lad
Ricky boat it's me Mickey what you grant
try this forget about it hey forget
about it
James car get the hell out of here
remember no ice get the hell out of here
hey I'm Jeanne Tripplehorn you are the
guys now in a romantic comedy but you
can't refuse I am NOT gonna let anyone
come between us
Oh future the butcher or Vinnie the
baker or anyone involved in any kind of
food preparation Nicky blue eyes but
dahi we got it under control
forget about it wine world you talking
shut up I had enough of youse